Dallas puts a try on Twitch to the million and
he responds live let's see I
knew this eh literally I knew nothing
that I saw nothing more than I saw New York yesterday
reacting to Dallas but besides he doesn't
react and I am I am against
the strikes you know that I do not
defend it Not for nothing but because if we
all connect we will run out of
channels no and and we use
other people's content no But if you know that he
is a guy that you have wished not to
be on any platform that he does not have to
be on any network that all
platforms should remove
monetization and the Partner from
everywhere and now he takes the Dallas video and
you start entertaining on your channel
while you are eating I think he
was eating but look at what a
bad chroma but it's that cringe Oh
but it's that silly joke Oh
but it's that Dallas' arguments
but Damn but the video makes you It's not that
I find it very funny because
then those who complain about the
Dallas video How bad they are How bad they are How
bad they are no no I no I don't think
the cat told him I think  that he told him,
let's go if I had told him I would have
told him, that's it. Hey, look,
one of your videos is playing. Well, let's see,
the million definition of cancer
personified, you must have a lifetime
of mine to watch my 8-
hour stream playing LoL to
stress me out for copying. This is the typical one that
says no. Ah, he's already taken it, he's already checked
my entire channel, he's swallowed 8 hours
of LoL, no, we were here
live, in fact, and suddenly I don't
remember who it was, the place or the air. I mean,
people are warning you. Hey, look, the million
are watching your video. Hey, the million
have insulted you. No, nobody watches you for 8 hours
already playing LoL. You know who was
here first, mating the animal,
showing it off, making more videos, and then
when the animal was free, you know
who? Uh, Javier Oliveira, the guy from
Grez and Gemita, those can come here
whenever they want, you know
why. Because I asked for help and they left without
saying anything, okay. And without asking for anything,
Javier Oliveira, well, guy, he can't
be throwing that at him because I have  said what there is Oh
you have a strike now
new you are not scared no Why don't you
insult me ​​like you
insulted your ex Javier Iveira yeah
come on why don't you insult me ​​like you
insulted your ex for minutes in a
video just because he gave you a strike that
then got you banned from the platform And
you're hanging by a thread on Twitch
come on insult me ​​Well look at dala he has given me
a strike insult me ​​for
Dallas he threw a video he
gave me a copyright strike because I saw
4 minutes of his video that almost gave me
cancer it was literally a 50
minute video I saw 4 minutes he talked about 73
times of the same one
that I talk about him is that to me these things
are true I mean And look I watch videos
of everyone that I get along well that I
get along badly we've been here for two
hours watching a Turbo plan video and I have
n't said anything to him like it gives me
cancer or something like that it seems sick to him that they
watch his LOL live streams but it doesn't
seem sick to him to swallow live
videos of someone who is already with a  I find it
very funny the superiority with which he
goes, not with the two minutes that we saw
here, no, the second, I don't remember what
the piece that we saw here of him watching
the Dallas video was, but this
argument, but this video, but it's
crap, but the video
is terrible in terms of arguments and content,
it was a 40-minute video of pure
gossip as entertainment, it was brutal for
us yesterday, it made our afternoon. What's the
problem with the video? It's not your Target
if he didn't put strike on you, the Dallas, you
would be filling up live with that and
now he's not on his Stream talking about
him, he wouldn't throw away the videos, they would put up
the main videos of the things he
does to fill up live streams in the
afternoon if he talks about Ari, if he talks about Goku,
about the Auron thing, of course he would do it, what
happens is that he puts strike on you, But you and
others, but that's how it is and I'm not,
I'm not in favor of strikes, of
course, then look, you're not going to, I'm
not, but I also understand the
other side, I also understand the other
side and I there are some  how many of those who
would I strike out of those who are there,
what happens is that later I'm not going to put it in
because it goes against my
principles of work okay But on a
personal level I don't lack desire I with
a few like [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] you live off
me it's not the case of the million because the
million It's not that I live off Dallas or
anyone else no But there are others who literally
live off Dallas okay And now every video
every video not only in a
controversy is as important as the ones
here but things that not even I have seen that
if he gives them to his laboratory that if the
dala has an opinion I don't know what about I say about whatever But
come on it's like a branch of
Dallas but they put up the entire videos
to put a little prank on every phrase he
says damn But it does you, it does
the work for you and before I had to go
to the emergency room for an extreme cancer attack I
had to remove it and even then it
copies me You removed it because it gives you a
strike well if it doesn't entertain you all
afternoon with that I sent 50,000
just to touch it I'm telling you because
that's ugliness one is two  watched 4
minutes of that one of mine You know I should be the one who
should report him and
give him strikes for making such a
crappy video Not me for watching it by
accident plus that guy no he's not
banned because nobody cares
enough on Twitch but like [ __ ]
that Twitch takes my side a little
for once not around here the one that makes
healthy content inside Compared to
his you know Yeah your content is really healthy
now what is the million based on being
there in a casino you only need a
rum and coke and I'm going
because I have more ideas
take off my strike No it's not my fault I haven't
done anything but how much of a loser you have to
be to go watch a video of me LOL
crying from the first second
until 8 hours to find out when I
watch a video of yours for two minutes and
have to send 50 applications for you to
copy me
How garbage your life must be it's
crazy I think YouTube should
take measures I think Twitch should
take measures and that this guy should
leave permanently anyway  the platforms
and should not be allowed to have
sponsors or have a channel where they can
express themselves even if they've told them, they've
told them exactly the moment, it
takes [ __ ] 40 minutes or an hour
of time to send that to
do your life. I mean, do you really
have some time, a little bit of free time
and instead of I don't know, going for a
walk, going to get a coffee, [ __ ]
your girlfriend, to do something
nice with your pupil, you have to send
a request that you copy Queen a
million times like [ __ ] [ __ ] if it's your
reality it has to be very sad and very
pathetic, you know what you're doing, you
would have started watching the south that
the idiot Dallas funked her, Dallas can
funk whoever he wants and is doing him a
favor, say if you lost four follows
for visits,
Thank you 60,000 a million, I'm
serious when you go on Twitter and see
someone who speaks with any of the
terms that Dallas uses, you have a
100% certainty of being able to affirm that
that person is [ __ ] when there's
someone on Twitter who takes it and responds
with that guy is a violin or says  it's that
guy I don't know what Ah It's
true that the million defends Coco eh
that there he's already telling you everything he says
that what Goku did was a random thing
from 50 years ago how are you going to
try to found it that's why I think that
someone who blindly follows Dallas
who has seen one of his videos
today where the only thing you do is
eat your own dick from the second one in the
video Dale does auto eat your dick
a guy says it I don't know if you know his
name but I don't have his
name I know it by the name that the
million call you directly the million and
that all your artistic name your accounts your
channels are The oldest didn't say that he had
only seen four minutes he doesn't see
everything but what a whining eh 50 minutes
of video where 48 of them are the car
eating the support again and again and again
and talking about how unfair
a life has been and crying that they messed
with me You know the saying that Dallas from
When the river sounds water carries well what
happened to you goes all things
that they have accused you probably weren't
very far no  are very far from
reality How all the things
you've been accused of probably weren't very
far it's not very far from reality
we're probably not far this guy
is stupid this guy is stupid but stupid stupid stupid
but there are sentences
trials on video girls who have come out
later to say how they planned the thing
[ __ ] capable and he thinks he's telling it from wings
that Marlon is not something not burn him he's a
different dog Wow man Wow man
this guy is very stupid eh he's Dallas
when he sees this he's going to eat it because
the million with that video that he has
of 20 minutes insulting cristinini don't
get into these things man he's going to
eat it in Lara and also the fact is that it's very
short man But well when someone
uses those terms And is capable of watching
an entire video of Dallas and not say
this guy [ __ ] is an
extreme egocentric narcissist well you could say I am
a little bit okay I am
aware of my qualities and because of my
content I like to exaggerate it and say them
okay you could say that that's fine
but it's different today I am aware
when I talk about myself and I do it to
knowing that I'm talking about
myself to create content he doesn't Dallas
can report him with that you can
report whatever you want but that it
has a journey one thing let's see it has to
be something heavier more I think that the
literal words have surely
not been very far I don't know what to say
the truth I don't know what would happen to me You
need something else but he will make a video
that will make him fine
totally Filipino No look he puts me here places
full reaction 26 minutes the guy
was watching dala's video for 26 minutes
everyone needs
money people who have more money and
my biggest expenses
are very bad videos man I'm
sorry they are very bad and you can see everything man
and what has he been saying the
summary of what he said What a liar eh
Dallas has a bit of a sectarian attitude
and is quite [ __ ] and his beavers are
worse than I mean the only person that
I defend to the death who is a bad person Hey
this man here has problems this
person is not seeing his head this
person has been the only person on the
internet in my 67 years that I have been in
this that has  He seems like a bad person
because of the treatment I've had with him I
whitewash screens that his videos are
bad and that he's not funny But that's not
what makes me think he's a
bad person what makes me think he's a
bad person is the
private interactions I have with him when I
had been transferred from Twitch and he wrote to me
every day for like a week straight
without me responding and he would open up and
on Twitter and laugh at me because I
was bathed in Twitch and he told me that he was
happy because of course he's a bad
person Ah he's bad How bad I think
YouTube should take measures I
think Twitch should take drinks and
that this man should get off
all platforms and he shouldn't be
allowed to have sponsors or
have a channel where he can express himself
literally I would do it too he laughed
at me because I was bathed in Twitch
and he told me that he was happy because I
sent him a tweet where I said that I didn't
agree with him because I sent him
a tweet says the liar uncle What a
liar they don't fail eh those levels of
psychopathy that's not being right in the
head that's  bad person is sick it is
also known that he is a bad person by
the kind of videos he makes because one
thing is to make a gossip video and the
other is to seek the ruin of the people you
make videos about is also a
factor that is one of the things that
I consider makes him a bad person you
can make a video talking about
gossip giving your opinion of gossip
you can go and say Oh well auronplay
seems to me that he should retire or Well
I think what he was doing is fine like you
can give your opinion of gossip You can
even go after
someone who is rushing and that's it
because you think they are
working correctly for them And I don't think that
makes you a bad person the
difference is that this man in the vast
majority of videos he makes referring
to someone he wants to literally destroy the
careers of those people the
way he presents the video is he
tries to do and achieve with every
person he deals with on the internet what was
done to him I don't know if he is
completely traumatized and wants to make
everyone feel like they
made him feel but he is trying to destroy
the image and the career of  every person he
talks about and I think that's a
bad person How many lives have you
seen of his channel I've seen the vast
majority I liked him when he made
content I've
seen the vast majority
the closet fan dude I would tell you that there was
a year where Dallas was one of the
YouTube channels that rather you don't need to
say it you know when he made those
videos that always started with the
intro of I don't know what like there he made
cool videos I can't remember right now what they
were but I watched them and they were
fun like he was criticizing some video on the
internet or something but it seemed to me It
seemed like good content honestly and
then I kept watching it later because he
was such an [ __ ] that it was
interesting
son of a [ __ ] because his ultimate goal is
evil his videos today
wouldn't be horrible unless they were
all wrapped up in total egocentrism
This 42 minute video could be a
very good video 15 minutes and you'll delete
the 35 minutes he was talking about
himself Oh okay I mean let's see if I get this straight he
just said a few
minutes ago because he's cutting this out
places no and it is and it is missing out there
in the middle of the reaction and so on no but I mean he just
said that the videos are
about being a very bad person that I want to
sink the other I don't know how much But what you
want me to remove Is that he pats
himself on the back if Take that away for
you the video is a very good video kingo Now
follow this one only talks about himself he is not
capable of giving his opinion on anything without
having to at any moment talk about
his own situation Which is sad now
is sad it doesn't matter if he wants it which
makes his videos unwatchable without more his
vision completely informed It is already he
is talking about it is that he is talking about the
same It has the thumbnail of
Ari Gameplay yes it goes already the same
but because he has raped Costco but I
have nothing that indicates that coscu raped
anyone I understand that Costco went and
made the [ __ ] taking a picture of
a naked girl and sending it to a
friend like it is mentally [ __ ] it is
not having many lights No that is
abuse the million that is not [ __ ] it
is not a problem of Education or
neither do I think that  be for so much man
but yes it's like Okay it's enough
to call attention and say man this
is wrong there Probably everyone knows it so she's
already got what she
deserves she's already got what she deserves
Oh [ __ ] on my mother who gave birth to me I do
n't think it's that bad man
but yes
God my life the guy with his voice
said today that dala it's probably all
the things that she's been accused of that they wo
n't be far off but the thing with Coco that
there's a [ __ ] photo that's not that big a deal that's it already you've already
got what she deserves it's like Okay it
's enough to call
attention and say man this is wrong for me
Probably everyone knows it so she's
already got what she deserves But
well it's a crime well I ca
n't believe it does anyone doubt that
that girl for example is that I don't
know no I don't think there was absolutely
any type of abuse or any type of
rape I mean no I don't see anything but
yes The thing with the photo is wrong but
outside of that I see absolutely
no problem absolutely absolutely
no problem it's
different to pick up and say in a club I
took the drunkest girl and
[ __ ] her  I get home staggering and I
throw everything at her it's wrong but if you're two
adults and you both
agree to do something and you're drunk and I
go a thousand times with people who are
drunk
the issue here the crime would be this the
unconscious girl there covered up on the
bed you uncover her to show your
friend the naked chick but the thing is that even if
the girl wasn't unconscious I
think that even if the girl wasn't
unconscious too eh Imagine she's
in the bathroom boom you take a naked picture of her
and send it to your friends it's not me Yeah
that would also be some kind of
punishable act it's very short it's very very very
short Eh I didn't expect it Like that eh I
swear I didn't expect it Like that the
reaction eh
[Music]